Switch blocklist polling and retention to use BoundedWaitGroup instead of pool.RunJobs (#488)
grafana/tempo: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Fixed ingester latency spikes on read [#461](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/461)
* [CHANGE] Ingester cut blocks based on size instead of trace count.  Replace ingester `traces_per_block` setting with `max_block_bytes`. This is a **breaking change**. [#474](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/issues/474)
* [ENHANCEMENT] Serve config at the "/config" endpoint. [#446](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/446)

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Switch blocklist polling and retention to different concurrency mechanism, add configuration options. [#475](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/issues/475)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Switch blocklist polling and retention to use different concurrency mechanisms. Also, added configuration options. [#475](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/issues/475)
```
